nname	description	ingredients_name
Chicken Pasta	A creamy pasta dish with grilled chicken and a garlic sauce.	Chicken, Olive Oil, Garlic, Salt, Pasta
Tomato Soup	A smooth soup made from tomatoes, perfect for a cold day.	Tomato, Garlic, Olive Oil, Salt, Onion
Pancakes	Fluffy breakfast pancakes served with syrup.	Flour, Eggs, Sugar, Butter
Chicken Salad	A healthy salad with grilled chicken, tomatoes, and basil.	Chicken, Tomato, Basil, Olive Oil
Garlic Bread	Toasted bread with garlic butter topping.	Butter, Garlic, Salt, Bread
Lemon Cake	A sweet cake flavored with fresh lemon zest.	Flour, Sugar, Eggs, Butter, Lemon
Caprese Salad	A fresh salad with tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil.	Tomato, Basil, Olive Oil, Salt, Mozzarella
Scrambled Eggs	Soft scrambled eggs, a classic breakfast dish.	Eggs, Butter, Salt
Fruit Salad	A mix of fresh, juicy fruits, perfect for a snack.	Tomato, Olive Oil, Basil, Cucumber, Carrot
Grilled Chicken	Chicken grilled to perfection, served with a side of vegetables.	Chicken, Olive Oil, Garlic, Salt, Broccoli, Carrot
Beef Stew	A hearty stew made with tender beef, potatoes, and carrots.	Beef, Onion, Garlic, Potato, Carrot, Salt
Shrimp Stir-fry	A quick stir-fry with shrimp, bell peppers, and broccoli.	Shrimp, Bell Pepper, Broccoli, Garlic, Soy Sauce, Olive Oil
Pork Chops	Pan-seared pork chops with a savory seasoning.	Pork, Salt, Pepper, Olive Oil
Beef Tacos	Soft tacos filled with spiced beef, lettuce, and cheese.	Beef, Onion, Garlic, Salt, Cheese, Lettuce, Taco Shells
Chicken Curry	A flavorful chicken curry served with rice.	Chicken, Onion, Garlic, Rice, Coconut Milk, Curry Powder, Salt
Vegetable Stir-fry	A quick stir-fry with bell peppers, zucchini, and mushrooms.	Zucchini, Bell Pepper, Mushroom, Olive Oil, Garlic, Soy Sauce
Egg Salad	A creamy egg salad made with mayonnaise and mustard.	Eggs, Mayonnaise, Mustard, Salt
Spinach Lasagna	A hearty lasagna with layers of spinach and cheese.	Spinach, Tomato, Garlic, Cheese, Lasagna Noodles, Olive Oil
Spaghetti Bolognese	A classic Italian pasta dish with a rich meat sauce.	Ground Beef, Tomato, Onion, Garlic, Spaghetti, Olive Oil, Basil
Avocado Toast	Toast topped with smashed avocado and a sprinkle of seasoning.	Avocado, Bread, Salt, Pepper
Cucumber Salad	A refreshing salad with cucumber and a vinegar dressing.	Cucumber, Vinegar, Olive Oil, Salt, Sugar
Beef Burger	A juicy beef patty served on a bun with lettuce, tomato, and cheese.	Beef, Lettuce, Tomato, Cheese, Burger Bun
Chocolate Cake	A rich and moist chocolate cake, perfect for dessert.	Flour, Sugar, Eggs, Cocoa Powder, Butter, Chocolate
Grilled Cheese	A crispy sandwich with melted cheese inside.	Bread, Butter, Cheese
Chicken Quesadilla	A cheesy tortilla filled with grilled chicken, peppers, and onions.	Chicken, Tortilla, Cheese, Bell Pepper, Onion, Olive Oil
Baked Potatoes	Fluffy baked potatoes served with butter and sour cream.	Potato, Butter, Sour Cream, Salt
Chicken Tacos	Soft tacos filled with grilled chicken, salsa, and cheese.	Chicken, Taco Shells, Cheese, Salsa
Shrimp Scampi	A flavorful shrimp dish cooked in garlic butter sauce.	Shrimp, Butter, Garlic, Olive Oil, Lemon, Pasta
Mushroom Risotto	A creamy rice dish cooked with mushrooms and Parmesan cheese.	Mushroom, Rice, Parmesan, Butter, Garlic, Onion
Pasta Primavera	A light pasta dish with fresh vegetables like zucchini and bell peppers.	Pasta, Zucchini, Bell Pepper, Garlic, Olive Oil
Fish Tacos	Tacos filled with crispy fish, slaw, and a tangy sauce.	Fish, Taco Shells, Cabbage, Sour Cream, Lime